# BlockFlow Studio

This is your BlockFlow Studio project.

## Configuration (blockflow.yaml)

BlockFlow Studio uses a YAML configuration file to manage your project settings. The configuration file should be named `studio.yaml` and located in the root folder of your project. Here are the configuration options:

- `name`: The name of your BlockFlow project.

- `description`: A description of your BlockFlow project.

- `startBlock`: The starting block number from which the instance

- `network`: The blockchain network you are working with (e.g., Ethereum, Polygon).

- `userId`: You blockflow account userId. (For auth)

- `config`: An array of configs. Each config can have the following fields:

  - `name`: The name of the contract. (should be camelcase without any spaces)

  - `contract`: The contract address to sync. (should be in string format)

  - `event`: The event signature. (generated by studio create command)

  - `abi`: The path to the ABI file for the contract. (should end with `.json`)

  - `handler`: The path to the code Handler file.

## How to Use BlockFlow Studio

### Project Initialization

To initialize a project in an empty directory, use the `blockflow init` command. This will open a command prompt where you can configure your project interactively.

```bash
blockflow init
```

Before using other commands mentioned below, update the `studio.yaml` file with your `authenticationId` from app.blockflow.network under `userId` and `startBlock` for your project.

### Instance

#### Generate Events List

To generate an events list in `studio.yaml`, which will be used to configure the handler, use the `blockflow instance-generate` command. This will automatically fetch the added contracts ABIs and update the events list.

```bash
blockflow instance-generate
```

#### Generate Events Handler

To generate an events handler in` studio.yaml`, use the `blockflow instance-codegen` command. The handler will be generated at the `config.?handler` path with the folder name as `config.?name`.

```bash
blockflow instance-codegen
```

#### Test the Code

To test the code and generate a local studio database, use the `blockflow instance-test` command. This will produce a `db.json` file.

```bash
blockflow instance-test
```

#### Deploy the Project

Once the project is created and tested, you can deploy it using the `blockflow instance-deploy` command. This will deploy the handler to the blockflow server for syncing.

```bash
blockflow instance-deploy
```

#### List of all user instances

To get a list of all user instances, use the `blockflow instances-list` command. You can specify the network with the `-network` option.

```bash
blockflow instances-list -network <network>
```

### API

#### Generate API

To generate an API, use the `blockflow api-generate` command. This command will update the `studio.yaml` file with api fields

```bash
blockflow api-generate
```

#### Generate API Code

To generate API code, use the `blockflow api-codegen` command.
it will generate the handler at path specified under `studio.yaml` under `api.handler`

```bash
blockflow api-codegen
```

#### Deploy API

To deploy the API, use the `blockflow api-deploy` command.

```bash
blockflow api-deploy
```

#### Get API Info

To get information about a specific API, use the `blockflow api-info` command. You need to specify the API ID with the `-apiId` option.

```bash
blockflow api-info -apiId <apiId>
```

### CLI Parameters

The CLI commands accept various parameters to customize their behavior. Here are some of them:

<!-- - `blockflow instance-codegen` accepts a `-force` option to force generate handlers. -->

- `blockflow instance-test` accepts `-path` to specify the DB output path, `-retry` to specify the total retries to check for logs, and `-startBlock` to specify the start block number for testing.
- `blockflow instance-deploy` does not accept any additional parameters.
- `blockflow instances-list` accepts `-network` to specify the network.
- `blockflow api-info` accepts `-apiId` to specify the API ID.
