# BlockFlow Studio

This is your BlockFlow Studio project.

## Configuration (blockflow.yaml)

BlockFlow Studio uses a YAML configuration file to manage your project settings. The configuration file should be named `studio.yaml` and located in the root folder of your project. Here are the configuration options:

- `name`: The name of your BlockFlow project.

- `description`: A description of your BlockFlow project.

- `startBlock`: The starting block number from which the instance

- `network`: The blockchain network you are working with (e.g., Ethereum, Polygon).

- `userId`: You blockflow account userId. (For auth)

- `handlers`: An array of event handlers. Each handler can have the following fields:

  - `name`: The name of the contract. (should be camelcase without any spaces)

  - `contract`: The contract address to sync. (should be in string format)

  - `event`: The event signature. (generated by studio create command)

  - `abi`: The path to the ABI file for the contract. (should end with `.json`)

  - `handler`: The path to the code Handler file.

### How to Use BlockFlow Studio

1. **Initialization**: To start using BlockFlow Studio, you need to initialize it in an empty folder. Open VS Code and navigate to the folder where you want to create your project. Execute the following command in the VS Code command pallet (cntrl + shift + p or cmd + shift + p):

- search or type `studio init`

This command will create the necessary project structure and generate the `studio.yaml` configuration file. Make sure to edit this file with your project details.

2. **Configuring Event Handlers**:

- If your contract is verified on Etherscan and you have provided the contract address, network, name under handlers in `studio.yaml`, you can run the following command to automatically generate event handlers based on the contract's ABI and events:

  ```
  studio create
  ```

  > Alternatively, you can manually specify event handlers in the `studio.yaml` configuration file. Provide the `contract`, and `abi` (path) for contract where the abi is stored (preffered src/abis/abi.json).

3. **Deploying Your Project**:
   Once your project is configured and event handlers are defined, you can deploy your project by running command `studio deploy`.

   > Before deploying make sure your `studio.yaml` configuration file has only those events handlers listen which you want to configure your project with, also make sure that name, description, and correct startBlock is mentioned.

4. **Authentication**: If your project requires authentication, use the following command to log in to your BlockFlow Studio account using JWT token-based authentication: `studio login`

Now you have an overview of how to use BlockFlow Studio, configure event handlers, and deploy your project. Customize your `studio.yaml` file and your event handlers as needed for your specific use case.

### supported networks

- Ethereum
- Polygon
